website/src/site/markdown/index.md, before:

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->
#Apache REEF&trade;

###What is REEF?

**REEF**, the Retainable Evaluator Execution Framework, is our approach to simplify and unify the lower layers of big data systems on modern resource managers.

For managers like Apache YARN, Apache Mesos, Google Omega, and Facebook Corona, REEF provides a centralized control plane abstraction that can be used to build a decentralized data plane for supporting big data systems. Special consideration is given to graph computation and machine learning applications, both of which require data *retention* on allocated resources to execute multiple passes over the data.

More broadly, applications that run on YARN will have the need for a variety of data-processing tasks e.g., data shuffle, group communication, aggregation, checkpointing, and many more. Rather than reimplement these for each application, REEF aims to provide them in a library form, so that they can be reused by higher-level applications and tuned for a specific domain problem e.g., Machine Learning.

In that sense, our long-term vision is that REEF will mature into a Big Data Application Server, that will host a variety of tool kits and applications, on modern resource managers.

<div style="text-align:center" markdown="1">
    <img>
        <img src ="REEFDiagram.png"/>
    </img>
</div>

###How can I get started?

The official home for the REEF (and Tang and Wake) source code is at the Apache Software Foundation. You can check out the current code via:

    $ git clone git://git.apache.org/reef.git

or directly access its GitHub page [here](https://github.com/apache/reef).

Detailed information about REEF and using it can be found in the [FAQ](faq.html) and the [Tutorial](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/REEF/Tutorials).

If you wish to contribute, start at the [Contributing](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/REEF/Contributing) tutorial or the [Committer Guide](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/REEF/Committer+Guide)!

###Further questions?

Please visit our [Frequently Asked Questions](faq.html) page or use our [Mailing List](mailing-list.html) to send us a question!

Commit message:

[REEF-1384] A new index.md for our website
This replaces our `index.md` with one that focuses on the value of REEF to
its users.

JIRA:
  [REEF-1384](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/REEF-1384)

Pull Request:
  This closes #

website/src/site/markdown/index.md, after:

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->
Apache REEF&trade; - a `stdlib` for Big Data
=============================================
Apache REEF&trade; (Retainable Evaluator Execution Framework) is a  library for developing portable applications for cluster resource managers such as [Apache Hadoop&trade; YARN][YARN] or [Apache Mesos&trade;][Mesos]. Apache REEF drastically simplifies development of those resource managers through the following features:

Features
--------
 * **Centralized Control Flow:** Apache REEF turns the chaos of a distributed application into events in a single machine, the Job Driver. Events include container allocation, Task launch, completion and failure. For failures, Apache REEF makes every effort of making the actual `Exception` thrown by the Task available to the Driver.
 * **Task runtime:** Apache REEF provides a Task runtime called Evaluator. Evaluators are instantiated in every container of a REEF application. They can be reused for subsequent tasks as well as support to handover data between such tasks.
 * **Support for multiple resource managers:** Apache REEF applications are portable between any supported resource manager with minimal effort. Further, new resource managers are easy to support in REEF. 
 * **.NET and Java API:** Apache REEF is the only API to write YARN or Mesos applications in .NET. Further, a single REEF application is free to mix and match Tasks written for .NET or Java.
 * **Plugins:** Apache REEF allows for plugins (called "Services") to augment its feature set without adding bloat to the core. REEF includes many Services, such as a name-based communications between Tasks, MPI-inspired group communications (`Broadcast`, `Reduce`, `Gather`, ...) and data ingress.   

REEF @ Apache Big Data 2016
---------------------------

<iframe src="//www.slideshare.net/slideshow/embed_code/key/1HgrkEUWqqD2x1" width="595" height="485" frameborder="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" scrolling="no" style="border:1px solid #CCC; border-width:1px; margin-bottom:5px; max-width: 100%;"> </iframe>

Latest Release
--------------
The latest release of Apache REEF is 0.14.0. Please go to the [downloads] page to find out more.

Is it Building?
--------------
| Component |    OS   | Status |
|-----------|:-------:|:------:|
|REEF Java  | Ubuntu  | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/apache/reef.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/apache/reef) |
|REEF.NET   | Windows | [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/qwvl6d4d8891e09d/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/ApacheSoftwareFoundation/reef/branch/master) |

[YARN]: https://hadoop.apache.org/docs/current/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-site/YARN.html
[Mesos]: https://mesos.apache.org/
[Twill]: http://twill.apache.org/
[downloads]: /downloads.html
