website/src/site/markdown/mailing-list.md, before:

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->
#Mailing List

- [REEF Dev](#reef-dev)
- [Commits](#commits)

**Note:** These email addresses are automated. Just writing "Subscribe" or "Unsubscribe" in both the subject line and the body will suffice and a confirmation email with further instructions will be sent as a reply to your email after some delay.

###<a name="reef-dev"></a>REEF Dev Mailing List

This gets traffic from both the JIRAs filed on REEF as well as the general development discussions	

- [Subscribe](mailto:dev-subscribe@reef.apache.org) (dev-subscribe@reef.apache.org)
- [Unsubscribe](mailto:dev-unsubscribe@reef.apache.org) (dev-unsubscribe@reef.apache.org)
- [Archive](http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/reef-dev/)

###<a name="commits"></a>Commits Mailing List

This email list contains gets all commits made to REEF

- [Subscribe](mailto:commits-subscribe@reef.apache.org) (commits-subscribe@reef.apache.org)
- [Unsubscribe](mailto:commits-unsubscribe@reef.apache.org) (commits-unsubscribe@reef.apache.org)
- [Archive](http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/reef-commits/)

Commit message:

[REEF-1564] Add `user@reef.apache.org` instructions to website
JIRA:
  [REEF-1564](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/REEF-1564)

Pull Request:
  This closes #1123

website/src/site/markdown/mailing-list.md, after:

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->
# Mailing List

- [REEF User](#reef-user)
- [REEF Dev](#reef-dev)
- [Commits](#commits)

**Note:** These email addresses are automated. Just writing "Subscribe" or "Unsubscribe" in both the subject line and the body will suffice and a confirmation email with further instructions will be sent as a reply to your email after some delay.

### <a name="reef-user"></a>REEF User Mailing List

This is the list to ask questions about and discuss issues with using REEF.

- [Subscribe](mailto:user-subscribe@reef.apache.org) (user-subscribe@reef.apache.org)
- [Unsubscribe](mailto:user-unsubscribe@reef.apache.org) (user-unsubscribe@reef.apache.org)
- [Archive](http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/reef-user/)

### <a name="reef-dev"></a>REEF Dev Mailing List

This gets traffic from both the JIRAs filed on REEF as well as the general development discussions	

- [Subscribe](mailto:dev-subscribe@reef.apache.org) (dev-subscribe@reef.apache.org)
- [Unsubscribe](mailto:dev-unsubscribe@reef.apache.org) (dev-unsubscribe@reef.apache.org)
- [Archive](http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/reef-dev/)

### <a name="commits"></a>Commits Mailing List

This email list contains gets all commits made to REEF

- [Subscribe](mailto:commits-subscribe@reef.apache.org) (commits-subscribe@reef.apache.org)
- [Unsubscribe](mailto:commits-unsubscribe@reef.apache.org) (commits-unsubscribe@reef.apache.org)
- [Archive](http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/reef-commits/)
